Add readme for both scope packages #96 (#148)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: packages/opentelemetry-scope-async-hooks/README.md

# OpenTelemetry AsyncHooks-based Scope Manager
[![Gitter chat][gitter-image]][gitter-url]
[![dependencies][dependencies-image]][dependencies-url]
[![devDependencies][devDependencies-image]][devDependencies-url]
[![Apache License][license-image]][license-image]

> This package provides [async-hooks][async-hooks-doc] based scope manager which is used internally by OpenTelemetry plugins to propagate specific scope between function calls and async operations. It only target NodeJS since async-hooks is only available there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides [async-hooks][async-hooks-doc] based scope manager which is used internally by OpenTelemetry plugins to propagate specific scope between function calls and async operations. It only targets Node.js since async-hooks is only available there.
```
